hello guys the we're here and today I'm
going to do I mean now I'm going to do a
part two of my my 12 subscriber special
it's um part two of the whole episode
because if you guys know watch the first
part you should have seen already and
yeah for now
part two I'm gonna show you guys a quick
strategy or tactic thing on this arsenal
my arsenal slips are phosphoryl a shadow
a spot ring and I'll show you guys how
to use this so yeah and you touch a lot
you need to do a final chart as you can
see final charge you know so with this
everything so on this strategy new
tactic thing I called it the fusion
contribution because once you follow one
finish shot you will chance to rest and
then when the red already they were talk
to each other and then charge again and
again until you win you won't be across
scroll over this won't be the icebag
yeah the first rule we're not all you're
only get your own adventure like shadow
and this and yeah let's go next one
let's go
I can show you guys how to yoga seven
Munroe charge right these are these two
gaps and then
yeah that's how you do a summary no
charge it might be a bit complicated
charges and even control all right let's
go for the last one
Billy's dart from a sampling in
phosphoryl then charge up that spot rain
now let's go spot range for just a
shadow
we're supposed to charge a caboose and
then you can around the shuttle ready
finished off the opponents so well yeah
that's all for this tutorial of the part
soon about subscribe special
so many corners yeah hope you guys
enjoyed and found this video quite
useful for multiplayer duels it also
works on multiplayer duels it works
every time
so I hope you guys enjoyed this video
and found it useful please leave a like
if you did enjoy and subscribe so I can
subscribe specials and I'll see you in
the next video good bye y'all